this very simple video and a video
almost sentimental where from below
of my influence
I want to communicate how much I love this
website
yes i love it
gave me emotions up
now indescribable made me
to meet people who are not
normal in the sense that I believed of
be stupid
but thanks to youtube I discovered that
there are people more stupid than me and youtuber
fantastic because even though many people
complains is always there is always in
ambush and does not want to escape from this
world wants to be part of it and I want to
be part of it
I have been making videos for two years now
like the logic of the sequel to mine
sign up and grow my ego
and I can say it and I can confirm by
be happy i'm delighted with
be registered on youtube and I want to do
this video just to push another one
people doing the same thing I did
broke my balls really much of
read about people who hates hate
youtube but still everything is still there
always because it means that maybe below
below like
here I want to push all these
all of them looking for people
improve oneself an initiative
nobody likes that fantastic or palalido
no one will do it, but try it
make a video describing everything
what you like about youtube not
what you don't like what you do
like not to complain about what you do
it sucks
I want to know but at least once
in life by so many people all
together
what do you like about youtube io
I stress and I underline it I confirm
that I love this site that follow me in 10
10 thousand with 100 grams
with this broken view, I look forward to it
video answer thanks
never